c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\HP_Analytics_Project.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\HP_Analytics_Project.pdb
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\obj\Debug\HP_Analytics_Project.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\obj\Debug\HP_Analytics_Project.dll
c:\users\logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\obj\Debug\HP_Analytics_Project.pdb
C:\Users\Logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Deedle.dll
C:\Users\Logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Deedle.pdb
C:\Users\Logan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HP_Analytics_Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Deedle.xml
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\HP_Analytics_Project.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\HP_Analytics_Project.pdb
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Deedle.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Deedle.pdb
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Deedle.xml
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\obj\Debug\HP_Analytics_Project.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\obj\Debug\HP_Analytics_Project.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\obj\Debug\HP_Analytics_Project.pdb
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Spire.Common.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Spire.License.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Spire.Pdf.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Spire.XLS.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Spire.Common.xml
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Spire.Pdf.xml
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Spire.XLS.xml
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Excel.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\Excel.pdb
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.xml
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\EPPlus.dll
C:\Users\Logan\Documents\GitHub\HP-Project\HP_Analytics_Project\bin\EPPlus.xml
